Many supporters of Du Feiyuan
Has been fired from the company
Why do you still keep these two people?
Of course, it was to deal with Du shi
How's the semiconductor business going?
Zhao Bingrui has gone overseas to sign a contract
It shouldn't be easy to come back in a short time.
Let him handle this matter.
I heard you made a bet with Mr. Zhou
Let him be your personal secretary
Did I not do well enough?
Don't you think conquering this workplace son-in-law
Is it particularly interesting?
I can do it if you want.
No, I like you like this.
Mr. Du
We're having trouble signing with Yoyo-chan
This thing can't be done well
I'll come over now.
Come back later to clean up your little goblin
Oh hahahaha
Mr. Qin, I came with sincerity
Are you not afraid of destroying the reputation of the Qin family by blocking like this?
Trying to poach people from me
Sure
This price
Let you wrap your clothes
Mr. Qin
What I want to sign is just your little master here
You're going too far, aren't you?
I can add money if I want.
As long as you sleep with me
I will let you take them away